what's going on it when I'm sir James
from gamer fusion calm and today I'm
here to give you guys in a boxing of the
PlayStation Move essentials pack and of
course as an extra bonus I'm also going
to be unboxing the PlayStation Move
navigation controller now I know what
you guys maybe thinking is why I'm gonna
balk seing this now when this came out a
while ago
the reason for that and if you have not
yet known Best Buy is currently trying
to get rid of the PlayStation Move and
which you could get all these for such a
great deal if you have a local Best Buy
and you've been wanting to get a
PlayStation Move system then I highly
recommend you go now because you could
find this there for 20 bucks the
charging station for 4 bucks and the
navigation controller for 6 dollars an
extremely good deal which is why I'm
unboxing it right now so for this video
it's just the essentials pack and the
navigation controller and I'll do the
charging station on a separate video so
let's go ahead and take a quick look
around the box as you can see it's
really nice what this includes you're
getting the the PlayStation Move motion
controller one PlayStation Eye camera
one bonus blu-ray demo disc and one
printed material sheet now on the back
it's going over the details of the
PlayStation Move and the things that's
able to do and going over the details of
the camera and all that fun stuff and of
course here is the front of the box as
well and top so let's go ahead and open
this up and see all the items inside
it's once again if you have a local Best
Buy you've been wanting to get a
PlayStation Move I highly recommend you
go now because there's no other store
that's trying to get rid of these as far
as I know
opens up like so we have all the items
located inside so let's go ahead and
just drag these out one out of time
let's start with the pieces of paper
here so here is the demo disc I believe
this includes ten yeah so this includes
over ten PlayStation Move game demos so
really awesome they're the list of games
are located over here sorry if I'm
losing my voice so you have sorcery
dataran four am a little big planet
carting ninja gaiden 3 guide in my bed
you also have Epic Mickey to the power
up to the amazing spider-man Sports
Champions 2 grand slam and my be alien
crisis Tiger Woods the unfinished Swan
everybody dance a little big planet to
move pack and that's pretty much it
right there so a nice list of demos to
get you started and of course over here
you pretty much have some basic
paperwork you know basic instructions
about how to sync it with your ps3 and
how to properly use the actual camera
and motion controller itself so not
really much to that and of course a
Quick Start Guide which falls out really
nicely so you have a nice kind of clear
image what's a/c and how to set it up
it's a really simple as that you have
the motion controller itself
take that out so here is the main part
give you guys a closer look not sure how
well the autofocus is going to do there
you go
kind of its kind of freaking out a bit
but anyways here's the main portion of
the controller you got your basic
buttons here got a nice little ball wand
here so I know this lights up depending
on the game I've got in there X as well
I know for the game sorcery like if
you're using potions you like you weight
you shake this around until this turns
green and you could drink the potion but
a lot of cool fun little gimmicks with
this so the button so we're off it was
really smooth but actually this was
comfortable compared to the Nintendo Wii
controller which is a nice easy way to
compare this got the select button over
here and the start button over here but
there's that and of course last but not
least is the camera you know let me go
ahead and take off the autofocus
otherwise the camera is going to freak
out nicely protected
got a nice decent size USB cable and of
course you got the camera right here you
have two different functions here one
side is like if your rooms a bit of a
closer space you could switch the lens
there or you could switch it over to a
much more further distance but anyways
there's no like way to connect it like a
tripod to this unfortunately so you have
to set this up on a flat desk and just
set it up properly or above your TV or
below depending on what kind of setup
you have but that is what's included in
the ascensions pack you have the you got
the PlayStation Eye you got the Motion
Plus and of course you got a nice demo
disc with ten different demos on there
so let's go ahead and take a quick look
at the navigation controller I did step
ahead and I did basically break off the
bottom for you guys to kind of speed up
the process you're getting an
instruction booklet of how to set this
up we have really thick booklet and of
course the navigation controller I
thought this would also include a strap
like this one but I guess not but here's
the navigation controller you got the
joystick up here to move your characters
around you got the d-pad over here in
the X and circle button and of course
the PlayStation logo button right over
here now how did these charge up these
actually use the same cable as your ps3
controller so you just plug these in or
you could get something like a charging
station what you guys will see in the
next video but over here you got the l1
l2 so basically depending on how you
play it you could play it like this or
for me it would be more something like
this because I'm right-handed
I'm so moving my character around so
basically like the Wii motion controller
so really cool like I said I've been
wanting to get one of these and the fact
that Best Buy heavies for an extremely
cheap bill was a really good deal so
like I said if you've been wanting to
get one I highly recommend you check
your local Best Buy for such a great
deal probably later on or something I'll
probably do some gameplay demos maybe
something from off the demo disc or some
some of the games I picked up but
anyways that is the PlayStation
essentials bundle and of course the
navigation controller and if you guys
have any questions feel free to leave
that and
my section down below and remember gamer
fishing